lovely where's your base no where's your
sheep you day will slay slag like when
you know everyone from the wedding I
think so
I love again oh she's a Medina hello
Dino welcome to berry Shamai Dino do we
are doing Hoppus young boredom are in
bari sorry but I don't went wait a
minute
what you doing I've been learning Welsh
I did an intensive course cuz I knew we
were coming down I wanted to understand
what everyone was saying what what no
one's speech will Shh no that's not swim
please don't make it more complicated
already is okay listen
Dino no one here or where we're going
tonight none of them speak Welsh but
what about the signs and everything I
know you just got to ignore it I don't
understand I seriously just forget it
right if I don't understand it then you
you definitely won't